# Best Vault - Privacy Policy

**The Software respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the Services. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the Software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, the software will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Software will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This software will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. By agreeing to the Software Services Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire contents of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Software Service Use Agreement.**

1. Scope of application

>a) When you use this software service, the software will only record some statistics and purchased data. However, it will not collect any data generated by users in this software, including but not limited to user data such as photos and videos.

2. Use of information

>a) After obtaining your data, the software will verify that the purchased data is legal so that you can use the service better.

3. Information disclosure

>a) The Software will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties.
b) disclose to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial authorities;

>c) If you have violated relevant laws, regulations or relevant rules, you need to disclose it to third parties;

4. Information storage and exchange

>The information and materials collected by the Software about you will be stored on the Software and/or its affiliates' servers, which may be sent to your country, region or the location where the Software collects information and materials. It is accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.

5. Information security

>a) When using the software web service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary.
